README.md, before:

# [No Random Ideologies](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=3337263133)

![Image](https://i.imgur.com/iCj5o7O.png)

Do you have some good ideologies saved and wish that the other factions would use them instead of the some random ideology?

This mod will use your saved ideologies when other factions are generated and choose one if possible.
These will also be used when generating random wanderers and guests.
If no valid saved ideologies are found for a faction it will instead let the game generate one as normal.

You can also select preferred saved ideologies per faction in the mod-options or select to use the vanilla behavior for specific factions.

**NOTE: You may see warnings in your log when the mod caches the ideologies. For example if your saved ideology has a venerated animal from a mod that is currently not loaded, the game will throw an error when it tries to load it. 
These are expected and can be ignored, an ideology with references to not loaded mods will just be skipped.**

Mod idea: demonddog

![Image](https://i.imgur.com/Ds0rBAD.png)

Since modding is just a hobby for me I expect no donations to keep modding. If you still want to show your support you can gift me anything from my [Wishlist](https://store.steampowered.com/wishlist/id/Mlie) or buy me a cup of tea.

[![Image](https://i.imgur.com/VWG0yff.png)](https://ko-fi.com/G2G55DDYD)

![Image](https://i.imgur.com/5xwDG6H.png)



-  See if the the error persists if you just have this mod and its requirements active.
-  If not, try adding your other mods until it happens again.
-  Post your error-log using [HugsLib](https://steamcommunity.com/workshop/filedetails/?id=818773962) or the standalone [Uploader](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2873415404) and command Ctrl+F12
-  For best support, please use the Discord-channel for error-reporting.
-  Do not report errors by making a discussion-thread, I get no notification of that.
-  If you have the solution for a problem, please post it to the GitHub repository.
-  Use [RimSort](https://github.com/RimSort/RimSort/releases/latest) to sort your mods



[![Image](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/emipa606/NoRandomIdeologies?label=latest%20version&style=plastic&labelColor=0070cd&color=white)](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/changelog/3337263133)

Commit message:

Added option for what any added faction should choose Added button to change all factions at the same time If the player chooses a saved ideology and that already have been selected by an existing faction, both factions will now have the same ideology instead of a copy Used DeepL to update translations for ChineseSimplified, French, German, spanish

README.md, after:

# [No Random Ideologies](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=3337263133)

![Image](https://i.imgur.com/iCj5o7O.png)

Do you have some good ideologies saved and wish that the other factions would use them instead of the some random ideology?

This mod will use your saved ideologies when other factions are generated and choose one if possible.
These will also be used when generating random wanderers and guests.
If no valid saved ideologies are found for a faction it will instead let the game generate one as normal.

You can also select preferred saved ideologies per faction in the mod-options or select to use the vanilla behavior for specific factions.
There is also an option to override any ideology restrictions for factions.

**NOTE: You may see warnings in your log when the mod caches the ideologies. For example if your saved ideology has a venerated animal from a mod that is currently not loaded, the game will throw an error when it tries to load it. 
These are expected and can be ignored, an ideology with references to not loaded mods will just be skipped.**

Mod idea: demonddog

![Image](https://i.imgur.com/Ds0rBAD.png)

Since modding is just a hobby for me I expect no donations to keep modding. If you still want to show your support you can gift me anything from my [Wishlist](https://store.steampowered.com/wishlist/id/Mlie) or buy me a cup of tea.

[![Image](https://i.imgur.com/VWG0yff.png)](https://ko-fi.com/G2G55DDYD)

![Image](https://i.imgur.com/5xwDG6H.png)



-  See if the the error persists if you just have this mod and its requirements active.
-  If not, try adding your other mods until it happens again.
-  Post your error-log using [HugsLib](https://steamcommunity.com/workshop/filedetails/?id=818773962) or the standalone [Uploader](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2873415404) and command Ctrl+F12
-  For best support, please use the Discord-channel for error-reporting.
-  Do not report errors by making a discussion-thread, I get no notification of that.
-  If you have the solution for a problem, please post it to the GitHub repository.
-  Use [RimSort](https://github.com/RimSort/RimSort/releases/latest) to sort your mods

 

[![Image](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/emipa606/NoRandomIdeologies?label=latest%20version&style=plastic&labelColor=0070cd&color=white)](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/changelog/3337263133) | tags: ideology control, faction control, qol
